- Whoo-hoo!
That's how you do it
in Canada, mother!
I'm newly single, and I've had
my eye on Dr. Nassif.
This is like a date.
- Is that your reason
for coming here?
You want to date him?
- Dr. Nassif is very handsome.
Short, dark, and handsome.
- He did local anesthesia.
It probably was
a couple of hours.
And here's the crazy part--
he said he was going to go see
the other patient.
I went to the bathroom.
I could see bone, blood.
I was just like...
I didn't even want to
go back in there.
- This story is surreal.
- I went in for a tummy tuck.
I had sneezed,
and I felt this pop.
- This is no joke.
I'm a little bit
at of a loss.
We just have to assume that it's
entrapped nerve.
See that?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- It's not a good day
in the operating room.
Whoa!
- ♪ I want to be sexy ♪
♪ I want to be hot ♪
♪ Fix me, make me beautiful ♪
♪ I want to be perfect ♪
- My name is Kelli Johnson.
I'm 42 years old.
And I live
in Westland, Michigan.
And my nose is turnt up,
but not like the club.
I started modeling
when I was ten years old.
My mom thought I'd be
really great at it
because I was
such a spunky girl.
But when I was 16,
I got advice
from a photographer
who told me that if you want
to make it in this business,
you're gonna have to
get a nose job.
I didn't think
I needed a nose job,
and I was actually
kind of insulted.
After I move to New York
to pursue modeling,
I just kept getting
the same feedback,
and I noticed that
the girls who got the jobs
had thin noses.
So I faced the fact
that I do need
to get a nose job
if I want to book more jobs.
I felt like
if I don't do it now,
my career may never
take off in modeling.
Immediately after the surgery,
I knew something was wrong.
First of all, there was a piece
of cartilage sticking out.
He kept telling me,
"Oh, it's just swelling.
Don't worry."
But I knew something was wrong
because my nostrils were
different sizes and shapes.
I was mortified.
A year later, I decided
I'm not gonna live
with this nose anymore.
I called the same doctor,
and he said,
"Come on back,
and I'll do it for free."
He numbed me
and covered my eyes.
So I was gonna be awake.
It was about two hours
into the surgery.
He got a call or page
that he had to see
another patient.
And he left me
in the room, alone.
I had to use the bathroom,
so I got up and went.
When I looked in the mirror,
I could see bone, blood.
I was just like...
"Oh, my God.
What am I doing?"
But I had to go back in
and let him finish.
Afterwards,
it looked straight.
But a week or two later,
it started leaning
to the left
and to the left.
And I just said, "Forget it."
I gave up my modeling dreams
because there was no way
I could be a model
with this nose anymore.
It's been 17 years.
This doctor
traumatized me so much
that I just felt like
it was something
I had to live with.
♪ ♪
- Hi, guys. Welcome.
both: Hi.
both: Yes.
- Awesome. Right over here.
I have it set up.
- Okay, thank you.
- My fiancé's name is Darnel.
We've been together
seven years.
An we're finally going to get
married this upcoming summer.
It's so cute in here.
- Yeah, I know.
I heard so much
about this place.
I love it.
Kelli and I met
on a blind date.
When I saw her
walk across the street,
I just said to myself,
"She's the one."
Wow, look at that.
- Here it is.
- Well, you know I'm gonna
pick the chocolate.
- I know, I know.
When I look at Kelli,
I see a beautiful soul.
I don't see a crooked nose or--
Well, I see great legs.
But I see a beautiful soul.
What are you
most afraid of, you know,
coming up with this whole
wedding situation?
- The engagement photos.
Photographers used to
take my picture,
and that used to be my life.
But now, with my nose,
I have to make sure
I'm at the right angle.
You know, someone else
is taking the pictures.
You don't have that power
to delete the ones
that you don't like.
So I'm kind of scared about it.
Dr. Nassif and Dr. Dubrow,
if they can fix my nose--
even if they can just
bring the tip down
or straighten it out--
don't you think that would
be better?
- As long as you're happy,
I'm happy.
♪ ♪
- Listen to this.
I had a patient come in--a guy--
asking me to inject Botox.
Not in his face,
but in part of his body.
What part of the body
do you think?
- I already know
what you're gonna say.
- Scrotox.
- Scrotum.
- In the scrotum.
You would be nuts
to get Scrotox.
I mean, who would do that?
- To decrease sweating.
- Okay.
- And to make it less wrinkly.
You know what I said to him?
- I don't do it,
and I think we can pass
on the physical exam here.
- Yes.
- We can pass
on the physical.
- Ew. No, thanks.
- So our next patient, Kelli,
had a couple of rhinoplasties,
and after she took off
the bandages--
messed up.
- Okay.
- Hi, Dr. Nassif.
- Kelli, hi. Dr. Nassif.
- Hi, Kelli. I'm Terry Dubrow.
How are you?
Nice to meet you.
- Meeting Dr. Nassif
and Dr. Dubrow, I'm excited,
I'm scared,
I'm just overwhelmed with joy
that I'm even
getting this opportunity.
- So can you tell us a little
bit about your journey?
- So I went to the doctor,
and he was
the top 100 doctors
in New York.
And I found him in a magazine.
I thought everything
was gonna be perfect.
But it wasn't.
- Most of the time,
the top 100 doctors
are the first 100
that paid the advertisement fee,
not because they really are
particularly very good
at any one procedure.
- When I went to get
the surgery,
it was like Miss Piggy.
The nostrils were not even.
I was devastated
with the result.
A year later, I went back.
He did local anesthesia
for the second one.
He started, you know--
- Doing something.
- It probably was
a couple of hours,
and then he walked out and left.
- There was nobody in the room
but him and I.
- In medicine, you never leave
a patient alone.
Even if they're not under
complete general anesthesia.
It's just never done.
- And here's the crazy part.
He said he was going
to go see the other patient.
I went to the bathroom.
And I saw my face.
I felt sick.
- Was, what, like,
there a cut here and the skin
was lifted up or--
- Yes.
It was open, and I didn't even
want to go back in there.
- This story is surreal,
and if we're gonna help Kelli,
we have to make sure
there is absolutely no trauma
with this next
and hopefully final surgery.
How many years ago
was that last revision surgery?
- 17 years ago.
- I was scared.
- How do you feel
about her fixing it?
- I'm the one that suggested
seeing you guys.
And it's not because
I want it fixed.
It's because I know
she's not happy.
- So he wants you
to do it for you.
- Right.
- We like that.
- What are you trying
to achieve now?
- Definitely have
less nostril showing.
And my nostrils would be
the same shape and size.
- With that being said...
- Yeah.
- I think our next step
is to get you in the exam room.
Shall we do that?
- Yeah.
- Let's go.
- Talking to the doctors
was great,
but now I'm hoping
that what he sees in there
is something that he can fix
and that it's not too screwed up
from the fist doctor.
- All right, lower your chin
just a little bit.
So one of the things
I was worried about
is how much
is the skin gonna stretch
so I can lower the nose?
In this situation with Kelli,
good news.
Her skin is mobile,
it's elastic, it stretches.
To elongate your nose,
we do have to use
a little piece of rib.
So we have to take something
called a composite graft,
which is skin and cartilage
from your ear.
I need something
from your scalp.
- It's called fascia.
And make what we call
a burrito--
or a grape leaf,
because I'm Middle Eastern.
We put that right here.
- Whatever. Burrito,
grape leaves,
I don't care if you have to
use a tampon.
Just fix it.
- Right now
let's just say you're at a one.
And a ten's the best.
- Mm-hmm.
- If we got you to a seven,
would you be happy?
- I'd be happy.
Been waiting 17 years
for this.
- So you're ready.
- Yeah.
- I'm so happy!
Whoo!
Can I get a hug?
- Oh, we get a hug.
- Dr. Nassif is gonna give me
a chance to start a new life.
I mean, I quit modeling
because of this.
And that was my dream before.
Now my dream
is to get married
and to look normal.
Oh, my God, they're gonna
take my rib?
- Something tells me they have
good pain medicine.
So I think you'll be fine.
- Right.
- We don't lipo this far up
because this is actually
the blood supply.
He got very lucky.
- The doctor who took care
of Kristina
was grossly irresponsible.
- She likes to do wild things.
- Whoo!
I'm good! I'm good!
- ♪ I want to be perfect ♪
- My name's Tahnee.
I'm 30 years old.
And I'm from Calgary, Canada.
I'm a badass bitch,
but I cannot stand
these bad boobs.
Growing up, I've always been
a tomboy.
On weekends, we would
go hunting and fishing.
When I turned 18,
I started to feel
more like a woman,
so I started wearing
makeup and dying my hair.
I got my truck custom
vinyl wrapped pinked.
And I have a pink quad.
And I have many pink guns.
At about 22 years old,
I decided that I would get
my first breast augmentation.
I wanted the full look,
like Pamela Anderson.
And unfortunately,
I didn't have
enough skin on my chest
to stretch.
So doing the breast augmentation
would have to be in steps.
I had 450cc.
And then I talked the doctors
into specially ordering
900cc implants.
I'm still not happy with them.
Even though they're large,
there is a gap between them.
So I'd like to see Dr. Nassif
because I'm newly single,
and I've had my eye
on Dr. Nassif.
I find he's very mysterious
but super handsome.
I find him super attractive.
Like, Richard Gere-like.
I'm eager to see if Dr. Nassif
has a nice furry chest
under his doctor jacket.
I like a masculine body,
a furry chest and dark hair.
And I also saw that
he's newly divorced.
So I'm kind of excited
to see if we hit it off.
♪ ♪
- My name is Kristina.
I went in for a tummy tuck.
And I came out
with some unwanted curves.
I have four kids, all boys.
They're the best things ever,
but they do keep you busy.
Before I had kids, I had a very
slender, small physique.
And then I had my first child,
and I gained 60 pounds.
And it just sort of
skyrocketed from there.
I got up to 192.
My cholesterol was 251.
The doctors were
becoming concerned,
so that was making
me concerned.
Because I have four kids,
I cannot take the risk
of having a heart attack,
when I can fix this.
I had decided I was going
to do protein shakes
and then eating healthy and
clean and working out every day.
I thought that weight
would just come right off.
And really, it didn't.
I only, in one month,
lost maybe three to five pounds.
So I got really frustrated,
and I talked to my husband,
and we had decided we were
gonna go see a plastic surgeon
and get his opinion
on what I should do.
The consultation
with this doctor, actually,
I thought went well.
I mean, he told me everything
I wanted to hear.
I would have a tummy tuck and
lipo of the flanks and the back.
So I believed him.
I believed that my decision
was the right decision.
After surgery,
I was in the recovery room.
I had sneezed,
and I felt this pop
and this pain in the top part
of my abdomen.
And I instantly had said,
"Oh, no. Something is wrong."
When I went in
for my one-week check,
as soon as they took
the compression off,
the pain was massive.
I had a huge lump
in the top part of my stomach,
and then my side
had this huge indent.
I did bring it up to the doctor,
and he had said,
"It's totally normal.
Just give it time."
I mean,
I was in pretty major pain
for months straight.
And then my side
never loosened
or popped back out.
So I felt like,
"What a waste of money."
I just felt stupid
and embarrassed
that I did this to myself.
- Reach forward a little bit,
and as you inhale,
reach that hand up and back
towards the back of the room
and slide the left hand down.
And then commit to this lunge
in the knee.
Good.
- This is definitely
pulling a little bit too much
of that one spot.
- Okay, let's come on back up.
- When I was at my heaviest
weight, I felt miserable.
I let this plastic surgeon
take me for a ride.
- You've been living with
this for a really long time.
- Yeah. I mean, emotionally,
it's terrible
'cause I feel like, you know,
my kids deserve more.
- I understand.
That's really understandable.
- The kids
are Kristina's world.
And anytime
she can't do something
100% for them
is hard for her.
- I just feel like, here I am,
not being able to do
the stuff I wanted
to be able to do, so...
I did have a second opinion,
and he had said that
there wasn't a whole lot
that could be done.
So I feel like Dr. Dubrow
and Dr. Nassif
are just really the only ones,
at this point,
who can fix me.
♪ ♪
- My name is Terry Dubrow.
Look, hold on.
My name is Terry Dubrow.
Isn't there something
weirdly refreshing
about doing that, though?
- I know I'm always
teasing Terry
about using
these little flossers,
but it's kind of relaxing,
and it feels good.
Don't you like that?
- Kind of stimulating.
- Clean those teeth.
Yeah, yeah. Something good
about it, isn't it?
- I can imagine you--
patient walks in the room,
you forget that
you're flossing your teeth.
- I've done it. I go like this,
I go, "Yeah."
And all of a sudden,
I'm realizing,
I'm fully, like, "Really?"
Do you want your surgeon
who specializes in beauty
to have gross teeth?
Yeah, I don't think so.
Then I go--
- Not only can Terry be the
king of erectile dysfunction.
He could also be the queen
of oral fixation.
- Our next patient is--
her name's Kristina.
And Kristina has
a number of complications
related to a tummy tuck
she had.
Have a look.
So what you notice
are these bizarre dog ears.
- Yeah, these are sort of
large dog ears
and this shelf-y appearance.
- Yeah.
- Particularly
in the right hip.
And then look at
the central area.
- Or the repair
of the muscle broke down.
So let's bring her in
and see whether we can help her.
- Can you please
send in Kristina?
- Kristina. Dr. Nassif.
- Nice to meet you.
- Joe.
- Joe. Nice to meet you.
- Today I'm definitely
feeling nervous
because I feel like Dr. Dubrow
and Dr. Nassif, at this point,
are my only chance
of making this look normal.
- So take us back and tell us
how this all happened.
- The goal was always
a tummy tuck.
So I wasn't sure if I should do
it before weight loss
or after weight loss.
This doctor assured me
he did many
where people had lost
50 to 70 pounds.
- He said it's okay
to have a tummy tuck
and then lose 50 pounds?
- Yes.
- Normally, we tell patients
to lose weight
before having a tummy tuck,
because if you do it after,
it'll significantly
loosen up your stomach.
- In the hospital,
right after surgery,
I had sneezed.
And I felt an overwhelming
amount of pain and a pop.
And I brought it up
immediately.
They're like, "Oh, no, no.
There's no way you could
damage this surgery."
- It was really very painful.
I said, you know,
"What's with this?"
So then he sort of
gets annoyed with me.
And he's like, "Well, there's
nothing we can do right now.
You have to at least wait
until the one-year mark."
So, for the one-year check,
he comes in with his iPad,
and he shows me
my before pictures.
"Look how much better
you look."
And right then and there--
- You knew.
- Red flag.
I was just like, "Oh, no."
- The doctor who took care
of Kristina
was grossly irresponsible.
He should've addressed
the pain issue.
- We have to do a physical exam
and see what's going on.
- Okay.
Yeah.
- I'm scared
I'm gonna get in there,
and they're gonna tell me
that there's nothing
that they can do to help me.
- I was thinking about
getting my chest bigger.
- They're already huge.
Like, that's all
I look at already.
You have to save room
for your face.
- Okay, so, yeah,
let's start with the rib.
Reconstructing an entire nose
is like building
a complete house.
And what is that?
.
- ♪ I want to be perfect ♪
♪ ♪
- You have this area
that's pooching out.
- That's where I felt,
when I sneezed--
- You clearly have a separation
of the muscle here.
Secondly, you do have more
sort of pelvic bone
sticking out here
than you do here.
See that there?
- Oh, yeah.
There's a huge discrepancy.
- Huge bony discrepancy.
- Okay.
- But what has made that
even more significant
is the fact that you have
all of this soft tissue here
that was left
after the tummy tuck.
- Yeah, yeah.
- So there is this chunk here
that could be removed
and improved.
- Now, what about,
like, right--this--
See, 'cause if you
look at it from--
Can I just take this?
- Yes.
- Overaggressive lipo there.
- Yeah, exactly. In general,
we don't lipo this far up
because this is actually
the blood supply.
He got very lucky that this
abdominal skin down here--
and that it healed so well,
which it did.
When tissue doesn't have
adequate blood supply,
it starts necrosis,
which is a fancy term
for cell death.
I think this is
definitely improvable.
This is fixable.
But at the end of the day,
I don't know
what's causing this pain.
I have a feeling
it could be improved.
But let's talk turkey
for a minute, okay?
If we do a revisional
tummy tuck--
remaking this incision,
going further back
to remove this excess skin
and soft tissue,
re-elevating up
the abdominal wall,
putting it back down.
Now, here's the turkey part.
This is no joke.
When you tighten up
the abdominal wall,
it can squeeze down
on the pelvic venous system,
which is the return system
of blood from your legs
and give you a blood clot.
And if it breaks off
and goes to your lungs,
that is when people die
from plastic surgery.
- Mm, that's not good.
They are real risks,
and they make me nervous,
but I need to get it fixed
because it's a huge thing
to live with the fact
that I did this to myself.
Okay, I don't care.
- I'm used to it.
- You got to be used to it.
Yeah.
- Used to it for many years.
- So you think you want
to do this thing?
- I think so.
- She's on board, I'm on board.
- So you need some help,
and we're here to help.
- Thank you.
- Yes, thank you.
I know there's a chance
it may not look totally normal,
but I'm going
to improve myself
for my children
and my husband.
Nice to meet you. Thank you.
- See you guys soon.
♪ ♪
- There you go.
- Good morning.
- I'm here to see Dr. Nassif.
- Okay, go ahead
and just sign in.
- I've been waiting so long
to get my nose fixed.
I'm nervous. I'm excited.
I'm--I'm just--
I can't even put it
into words.
I'm just gonna think
about our engagement photos.
I'm gonna think
about the wedding.
- Three months
for the swelling to go down.
It's gonna go by quick.
- I hope it's gone down
in time.
The doctor's waiting
to see you.
- Okay.
- Hey, wait, give me a hug.
- All right.
- Even though my last surgery
was really traumatic,
the doctor shouldn't have
left me alone.
I should not have been
going to the bathroom
with my face open.
I know that there's
no other person
I would want
working on my nose
than Dr. Nassif.
- Miss Kelli!
- Dr. Nassif.
- You know Dr. Ping.
- Yes.
- All right. Let's talk.
17 years.
- 17 years.
- You could've said,
"I'm avoiding surgery."
- Yes.
Do you feel good about this?
- I do.
- Okay. You don't have
any anxiety right now?
- I do have a little anxiety.
- Kelli put her trust in her
doctor not once, but twice.
That left her emotionally
and physically traumatized.
I mean, this is a great day,
because Kelli
is gonna finally get the help
that she deserves and needs.
What makes Kelli's nose
a little bit more challenging
is this is her third surgery.
So there's always a slight risk
to the blood supply
to that area.
In addition, how much can we
actually lower the nose?
We don't know that yet
until we get in there.
To fix Kelli's nose,
we'll start by harvesting rib
and taking composite grafts
from her ear
and fascia
from her left temple.
I will then open up her nose
and give her a better airway.
Finally,
I will use dice cartilage
wrapped in fascia to build up
the bridge
and lower her nostrils.
Okay, so, yeah,
let's start with the rib
and then the ear
simultaneously.
I'm probably gonna have
the table up a little bit.
Okay, here's a composite graft.
- Perfect.
- Kelli's surgery today is very
different than the last one.
There was one doctor, alone,
in an operating room.
Today we have a nurse,
an anesthesiologist,
two techs, and three surgeons.
It's a lot of people.
Dr. Ping, it's nice
having you next to me.
Thanks.
- Okay, we finished with
the right composite graft.
Let's now start the fascia
on the left.
Making the incision
for the fascia.
- We got the rib free.
- Oh, that's a nice rib.
Reconstructing
an entire nose is like
building a complete house.
Rib, fascia, composite grafts
make the perfect foundation.
Making the incision
for the rhinoplasty.
15 blade.
And what is that?
.
There might be a piece
of septal cartilage
or something just right here
in the columella.
Ah.
I mean, the tip
is definitely firm,
making it a difficult,
really firm dissection.
Can I have an 11 blade now?
Okay.
One thing I encountered
during Kelli's surgery
is a lot of scar tissue.
And we don't want that
because that means
we're probably gonna develop
more scar tissue
after the surgery, which could,
again, cause problems healing.
This is a columellar strut
It was taken
from Kelli's septum.
And now we're starting
to rebuild the tip,
by first placing
a septal extension graft.
A columellar strut
is a piece of cartilage,
most likely taken
from Kelli's septum.
Sometimes doctors use it
to add a little bit
of strength to the tip.
But it's really not
gonna lower the tip.
Yeah, the more we can advance
the middle wall forward,
that will help
lengthen her nose,
'cause right now you can see
completely inside
of her nostrils.
The most important thing
when I'm performing a nose job
is if you can
see inside the nose,
you're gonna stare at it.
So we have to
make Kelli's nose disappear.
I can never imagine a patient
seeing what their nose looks
like open like this.
I mean, even me,
as a doctor,
if I woke up and I saw this,
I know that I would
get pretty sick.
But hopefully
she'll be absolutely happy
with her outcome.
I expect to get nostrils
about 80% to 85% lower.
So that pig look is gone.
I mean, this is
a remarkable difference.
So this tip has been lowered
a lot.
Probably about
a good 6, 7 millimeters.
Everything looks
pretty darn good.
I did not expect to take
an angle that was like this--
probably about 145 degrees--
and bring it down
about 95 degrees.
So, at this point,
we just have to make sure
the columella skin survives.
She is gonna like this.
- She is.
- And her fiancé's
gonna like it.
- I think so.
- But he thinks
she looks beautiful
with or without the nose job,
so that's a good man for you.
- Well, you're my future
ex-husband anyway.
If Tahnee is this into Paul,
the last thing
she needs is surgery.
She needs to go
have her eyes checked.
It's not a good day
in the operating room.
Whoa!
- ♪ I want to be perfect ♪
♪ ♪
- We're just gonna
go up and around here.
- Be careful.
- I'm always careful.
But I'm super  crazy
on this thing, too.
- We like to go out.
We like to hit the sand.
♪ ♪
She likes to do wild things.
- ♪ Doo, doo, doo, doo,
dee, dee ♪
I'm super comfortable
on a quad
because I've been riding
for so many years.
I was probably
about two years old
the first time I was on a quad.
Whoo-hoo!
I can do quite a few tricks.
♪ ♪
Whoo!
I'm good! I'm good!
- Tahnee's a great girl.
Once she opens up her mouth
and you really hear
what Tahnee has to say...
?
- You realize that she's just
Calgary's sweetheart.
I was thinking about getting
my chest bigger.
- Aw, Tahnee.
They're already huge.
Like, that's all
I look at already.
You have to save room
for your face.
- There's a couple
really good doctors out in L.A.
I don't like
this space in between.
This gap. So maybe
if they make them bigger,
I'll have a smaller gap.
- Yeah.
All right, well, we're gonna
have to look into it.
- We'll see.
I trust these guys.
I've heard a lot
of good things about them.
Actually, I heard that one of
the doctors is newly divorced.
- Ooh.
- So he's single.
- Oh, he's handsome.
- Oh, my goodness.
- I hear he's got, like,
a hairy chest--
he's sort of Italian-looking.
I feel like "Tahnee Nassif"
has a bit of a ring to it.
And he's a plastic surgeon.
Maybe I'll get to
go on a date with him.
- So it's perfect.
- Well, you're a girl
that gets what she wants.
- Yeah.
- I hope Tahnee finds love
because she's been single
for way too long.
I do not want her to hear that.
I'll come with you.
- Okay.
- And we'll check it out.
- We'll show them
how girls in Canada do it.
I'm super excited
to be going to L.A.
to get some work done,
hopefully.
But I would sure like
to find love also.
Whoo!
Eat that, .
That's how you do it
in Canada, mother!
♪ ♪
- Hey, Terry.
- Hey!
How are you?
- Good to see you.
- It's been a long time.
Good to see you.
Dr. Lesavoy
has been my mentor.
He's actually the reason
I went into plastic surgery.
You never age.
How come I've gotten older
but you still look the same?
Dr. Lesavoy's a renaissance
plastic surgeon
who really cares
about the patient.
And he's just really cool.
I was a second-year
med student,
and you walked in
in those cowboy boots.
We all said, "Whoa, okay."
Do you have the boots on?
The cowboy boots?
- Yeah, sure.
- You still got
the cowboy boots on.
- I don't own any shoes.
- You don't remember this,
but I followed you out,
and I go, "Hey, um, so--"
- Yeah, you were trying
to kiss my ass.
- I was trying to kiss your ass.
- Yeah.
I ended up spending seven years
in a laboratory with you.
- Yeah. There were
a couple times
when I had to save your ass.
- With the other faculty,
you know?
- Yeah.
- 'Cause of your personality,
kind of brashness
and everything else.
both:
Little brash.
- Dr. Lesavoy has seen and done
some of the most difficult cases
that have ever been reported.
So he's a good resource
when I'm dealing
with unique
and original problems.
The reason I asked you down
is because--
patient's 38 years old,
had a tummy tuck,
and post-operatively,
she noticed a pop
and immediately saw swelling.
But she also has had
chronic pain in that area.
- Yeah, okay.
- You know, I'm a little bit
at of a loss.
- We have, like, three or four
or five different options
of what we could find.
- Right.
- Either way, it's pretty
possible that we could fix it.
- Right.
- But here's the thing
in plastic surgery, you know--
it's not technically
what you do with your hands.
It's what you do
with your head.
Think out of the box.
- Right.
- And you're always thinking
out of the box.
- Always.
- Yeah. Except your skull
is so hard, I don't know
how you can think
out of the box.
Want to go meet her?
- Yeah, let's go.
- All right, let's go in.
Kristina, how are you?
both: Good to see you.
- This is my mentor.
- Hi.
- Nice to meet you.
Nice to see you.
- Dr. Malcolm Lesavoy.
So any problems that you have,
you can blame him.
- I'll take the blame.
- Dr. Lesavoy
is the premiere surgeon
for difficult problems
who taught me how to
do difficult problems.
So your problem...
- Thank you.
- Is so unique,
I thought I would
do something special
and bring my mentor...
- Well, that's awesome.
- That's really cool.
- All right.
Where's the bartender?
- Only if I can have one, too.
I'm definitely
feeling nervous--
relieved, actually,
excited.
I'm hoping, you know,
today's gonna be the day
everything gets fixed.
So I'm hoping from here on,
the pain will be relieved.
- This is gonna be cool. I'm
interested to see what we find.
- Yeah.
No matter
what everyone says about you...
- Yeah.
- You're a great guy.
I will begin Kristina's surgery
by making an incision
on the lower abdomen,
from hip bone to hip bone.
I will inspect the area
just below her chest bone
to see if I can find
any visible cause of her pain.
Then I will repair
her ab separation
by sewing
the muscles together.
Lastly, I will remove
the excess skin on her sides
to make both hips symmetrical.
I think the surgeon had
a bad day when he did her,
because she ended up
in chronic pain.
It's not a good day
in the operating room.
- Yeah.
Okay, so we're getting
into the area now.
You can see
these fascial sutures
appear to separate up here.
See that?
- Yeah, yeah, sure.
- She actually has
a significant separation.
- Yeah, you can see
the sutures.
One of the reasons probably
is that he used
a running suture.
- It's really important,
in my opinion,
to repair the muscles
in two layers.
The first layer
is interrupted sutures.
The second layer is an overlying
layer of a running suture
that goes back and forth.
That's what we call
a belt-and-suspenders approach.
Okay, let me just
see something.
Whoa. Much more lax
than I expected.
So she has a 12-centimeter
diastasis above.
So let's repair
her separated muscles.
Diastasis is a separation
of the abdominal wall muscles
that's very common
after pregnancy.
But I've never
seen one this wide,
particularly in someone
who supposedly
had undergone muscle repair
during a tummy tuck.
The only thing I don't like
about what we found
is it doesn't completely
explain the pain.
We just have to assume
that it's entrapped nerves
that hopefully are disrupted
by elevating the flap.
- That's true.
- When you've had
a previous operation,
nerves regrow.
During that regrowth process,
they can become entrapped
in scar tissue
and lead to
inflammatory nerve syndrome.
So we're gonna
cut a bunch of skin.
Now that the abdominal wall
is flatter,
it makes the skin looser.
So all this
needs to be tightened.
- Be careful, you don't want
to upset the apple cart.
- So now I can remove
the portion of the shelf
that's giving her
that contour irregularity,
and hopefully the blood supply
will allow it to heal properly.
So I basically
not only removed the shelf,
I tucked it up into the side.
I think that she will get
the result she wants.
- You're the absolute best.
- I'm sorry.
What'd you say?
- I said you
are the absolute best.
- You.
- Dr. Dubrow.
- Okay.
- I beg you not to
repeat yourself.
- Well, if I'm the best
and you trained me,
what does that make you?
- That means I'm super best.
- But anyway, thank you.
I appreciate it.
- Let me look at your nose.
Okay. The skin right here
could die.
- So maybe you could take me
on a date later.
- ♪ I want to be perfect ♪
♪ ♪
- We actually
have another patient.
She's had surgical procedures.
So her name's Tahnee.
Why don't you bring her in?
And we'll see
what's going on with her.
- Can you please
send in Tahnee?
- Hello.
How are you?
- Tahnee. Dr. Nassif.
- Nice to meet you.
- Hi, Tahnee. Terry Dubrow.
- So from where
do you guys come in?
- Canada.
- Calgary.
- I've been to Calgary.
- Oh, yeah.
I was there twice.
- Well, you're my future
ex-husband anyway.
So we're good.
- Dr. Nassif is very handsome.
Short, dark, and handsome.
This is like a date.
- Is that your reason
for coming here?
You want to date him?
- I feel like you have a nice,
like, furry chest under there.
I love furry chests.
- If you like furry,
you will love this guy.
- Run my fingers through
the furry--Okay.
- Oh, yeah.
You're Jane to his Tarzan.
- I'd be a good stepmom,
I think.
- If Tahnee is this into Paul,
the last thing
she needs is surgery.
She needs to
go back home to Canada
and have her eyes checked.
I hear they have good insurance.
So tell us a little bit
about what happened
and where you're at now.
- My first implants were 450.
- Okay.
Did they look good at 450?
- No. They were really,
very far apart.
But I thought
the bigger you go, of course,
it's gonna fill that gap.
- No, and now I'm 900ccs.
- So you must have
saline, right?
- No, I have silicone.
- They don't make silicone
in 900s.
- They got me gel ones.
- Yeah.
- That's what I have.
- So you have 800.
Doesn't matter.
- I was told they were 900.
I guess I'm gonna call my doctor
when we leave here.
- Okay, so what
are your goals now?
- I don't know if going bigger
would fix them.
- By fix them, you mean you want
less of a gap
between them, right?
- Less of a gap,
and it causes me back pain.
- You already have
back pain now?
- Yeah.
- Yes.
- Well, what do you think's
gonna happen
if you have bigger implants?
- Okay, this is what
I was thinking--
What if you get a butt implant?
- Mm.
- Now...
To balance it?
- That might sound odd to you,
but it's worth a try.
both: No.
- I don't think you need to be
a rocket scientist
to figure this out.
A bigger implant means more
silicone, heavier on the chest,
more strain on the back.
- Why don't we go
in the exam room
and do a careful physical exam?
- Oh, I thought
you were gonna say
to do penis enlargements
on each other.
And I was gonna say,
"Could we see?"
But that's inappropriate,
isn't it?
- They don't call me
Massive Nassif for nothing.
And, no, I'm not talking
about my weight.
- Well, I'd like
everything done.
- I know.
Like the Kardashians.
- Maybe he can
give me some babies.
- Yeah. Well, we're gonna
have to take off
more than that damn vest.
- Oh, my.
Hello. Okay, so do you guys
think I look
like Lady Gaga right now?
- You do.
- Look at those shoes.
- Can't walk in 'em,
but they look okay
when I'm sitting.
- Cocktail shoes.
- Okay, so let's look
at your chest for a second.
They're in a
really good position.
What you do have, though, is you
have a very convex rib cage,
meaning
it's pointing outwards.
So you actually have
quite a normal gap.
If we were to make
the pocket larger,
your nipples would do this.
- Oh.
- Look at your nipples.
Look how far out.
They would essentially be
3:00 here and 9:00 there.
And it'd be closing time.
Because
of her convex rib cage,
her nipples will point
further outward.
And that will look bizarre.
Would you really want
an operation
that moved your breasts closer
but moved your areolas outward?
- That would not
be smart, no.
- A bad outcome that's planned
is a bad plan.
- Knowing that I would
change one problem
and gain another problem,
I'm happy with the idea
of not getting
my breasts larger.
- If I could wave
a magic wand over you,
you'd get the sense not to do
anything to your breasts
and maybe get
better taste in men.
- I'm in the middle
of you two right now.
Do you feel it?
- Oh, I do.
It's like an animal magnetism.
- It is.
- You're gonna have to break out
your shotgun or something.
This would be, like,
the smallest bear
you ever caught, though, huh?
- I mean, it's tough being this
ridiculously good-looking--
something that Terry
knows nothing about.
- So, since you guys
can't help me with surgery,
maybe you could take me
on a date later?
- Aw. I can't do that, 'cause
we're your doctors still.
But thank you very much
for the compliment.
- Great pleasure
meeting you guys.
- Thank you.
♪ ♪
- Oh, we got to
do something with that, right?
- No. Don't pull that.
Today I'm meeting
with Dr. Nassif
for my day-one check-in.
I feel a little tired,
but I am loving
the pain meds
they've given me.
- There he is.
How are you?
- Group hug,
but gently, gently, gently.
Today is Kelli's
day-one check-in
to make sure
she's healing okay
and that the nasal tip skin
is healthy.
So, before I talk
about the surgery,
I want to look at your nose.
Let me look at your nose.
Okay, so I was worried
about the possibility
that the skin right here
could die...
because making an incision
a little higher
than where
you originally had it
was that risk
of the blood supply
not being great.
It looks fantastic.
- Yay.
- As of now,
Kelli's nose looks great.
However, we have to make sure
that everything heals
in the best way possible.
You didn't wake up.
- That's good.
- You didn't get off the table.
- Right.
I had no clue all that time
had passed.
- That's the way it should be.
- I do not remember anything
that Dr. Nassif
was talking about.
All I remember
is Dr. Nassif has restored
my faith in surgery.
Thank you, Dr. Nassif.
Thank you so much.
- See you guys next week.
- Thank you, Doctor.
- My pleasure.
- This whole experience has been
life changing for me, really.
Hey, guys!
- Mommy!
- ♪ I want to be perfect ♪
♪ ♪
- I'm ready.
Are you ready?
- I am. I'm excited to find out
what was wrong with my abs.
- Yeah.
I think everything's gonna
turn out great.
- I hope so.
Yesterday after waking up
and even going back
to the hotel,
I did not feel
any type of pops.
Everything felt like
it's where it should be.
- Much better
than last time around.
- Okay. We made an incision,
opened everything up.
You have what we call
a "presumptive diagnosis"
of nerve entrapment.
- Okay.
- Which you really don't see,
'cause that's
on a microscopic level.
- Okay.
- So lifting everything up
hopefully will
take care of that.
- Okay.
- When I've done this
in the past,
more times than I can count,
it's almost always
fixed the problem.
- Okay.
I have a little bit of fear
because they couldn't
figure that out.
But like he said,
lifting the skin up
should reset those nerves,
so I should be good.
- Normally, when you have
a separation of the muscle--
- Yeah.
- In someone who's had
a pregnancy or two--
it's about this.
It's about 10 centimeters.
- Okay.
- When you go back
on a revision tummy tuck
and you still have
a separation,
It's never 10 centimeters.
She had, like, 12.
- Oh, jeez.
- So maybe it just
never got done.
- No, it was done,
'cause you could see
the stitches had unraveled.
- Yeah, that's right.
You thought you popped.
- Yes, 'cause I sneezed.
- Right.
- I knew right
from the beginning
that that pop did something.
So I feel validated
that Dr. Dubrow
took me in and listened to me.
And he said...definitely it was
popped, it was separated.
- What was
very interesting, though,
is because the lower muscle's
repair was still intact,
it was, like, acting as
a belt here,
compressing here,
pushing this out.
And then the shelf-y area
was interesting because
part of it was due to your...
- Bony, yeah.
- Bony, asymmetry,
and it was very scarred down.
So along the creasing here,
I basically tucked it
up into the crease.
So let's see
what it looks like.
I'm really happy with the way
Kristina's surgery went.
Now we'll just have to wait
to see how well she heals.
She has a little swelling here,
but that's from the liposuction.
This is the area
you worry about.
- Okay.
- And you can see,
it looks like the blood supply
is delivering oxygen,
and it looks happy as a clam.
- Absolutely fantastic.
- Yeah, I think--
- Thank you.
- You nailed it, my friend.
- Well, I mean, you've got
a long recovery to go through,
but right now we're in
a good place.
- I'm very excited
that Dr. Dubrow was able
to correct what went wrong
the first time around.
I felt like I was definitely
in good hands.
Just no more sneezing.
both: No more sneezing.
- This whole experience has been
life changing for me, really.
Since my surgery, I've been
100% back to my old self,
with confidence
I have not had before.
- So do you guys want
to challenge Mommy to any games?
- Yeah.
What game
are you gonna challenge her to?
- Hula-Hoop.
- I don't know.
I bet Mama's
pretty good at Hula-Hoop.
- So am I.
- Today's so special for me
because I get to show Joe
and show the kids
Mommy's back
and better than ever.
Hey, guys!
- Hi. Mommy.
Look, I brought snacks.
How are you?
- Good.
- Did you guys
set this up for me?
- Uh...
- You guys did a good job.
Do I look pretty good?
- Yeah.
- You look fantastic.
- My self-confidence
is definitely boosted.
I am able to wear more tighter,
form-fitting clothes.
I look in the mirror,
and I'm thrilled to see myself.
So how crazy that I can wear
this kind of clothes again,
right?
- They look fantastic on you.
- Thank you.
- I feel good.
Before my surgery,
I had this bulge
on the top of my stomach,
and it looked like a huge chunk
had been scooped out
of my right side.
Now, thanks to Dr. Dubrow,
my stomach is flat,
and I have curves
in all the right places.
You ready? Go!
- This one's way too big.
I have no pain.
Not one bit of pain anymore,
which is awesome.
- Got any outfits
you've already picked out?
- Maybe. You're gonna have to
just wait and see.
I did--Oh! Oh!
- Jeez.
- I'm sorry, Ni.
Are you okay?
I have nothing holding me back.
And as a parent, I feel like
I'm a better parent.
I can't change
what happened in the past.
I can't change the time
I lost with the kids
But now I can make up
for all of that.
And I feel like
super mom again.
And it just makes me feel good.
After we're done eating, I'm
gonna get those potato sacks,
and I'm gonna beat you
in a sack race.
I'm gonna win.
You didn't think
I'd win Hula-Hoop, and I did.
- I won.
- Yeah.
- I am ready
to take these pictures.
I am excited.
I know I can take any angle.
- You're so beautiful.
- ♪ I want to be perfect ♪
♪ ♪
- Hi, kiddo.
- Hi.
- Good. I'm excited
to take your photos.
- Yes, I'm looking forward
to this day.
We're finally here, so...
- Yeah. Do you mind if I take
a few test shots
while we wait for Kelli?
- Sure.
- Okay. Awesome.
- Today I'm finally taking
my engagement photos,
and after 17 years,
this is the first time
I'm getting my photo taken
by a professional photographer.
I thought this day
would never come,
and I can't wait for Darnel
to see me all done up.
It's just a dream come true.
- I can't wait to see what my
future bride looks like.
- Today is just as big a deal
for Darnel as it is for me.
Walking up to see him reminds
me of our blind date
And it's like he's seeing me
for the first time again today.
♪ ♪
- Wow.
- Oh, wow.
You look amazing!
Look at you.
You're so beautiful.
Dr. Nassif is a genius.
Her inner beauty is coming
through in her smile.
You look like a model.
Absolutely.
- Thank you, babe.
I am ready
to take these pictures.
I am excited.
I know I can take any angle.
Before my surgery,
my nose was turnt up.
You could see up my nostrils,
and I felt really ugly.
But now my nasal woes are over.
And the only thing
that's gonna be turnt up
is my wedding reception.
- Maybe twirl your
future bride around.
- Sure.
- Yeah.
- Dr. Nassif was amazing.
He took great care of me.
I didn't get up
in the middle of my surgery
to go look at my nose
in the mirror, opened up.
I'm happy. I'm so happy because
I am the beautiful bride.
They look so good.
Oh, my God. I don't want
to delete not one of them.
- The scar tissue formed.
It sucked the lower portion
of the breast tissue in.
- Right.
- I've had this issue
for 12 years.
You would think by this time,
I would be able to be over it,
but it's hard.
- I am determined
to look like Ivanka Trump.
- Tiffany is already great.
Tiffany doesn't need
to be made great again.
- What is involved here
is pretty much stripping
down everything.
We may be Marlene's last chance
of fixing her nose
before it collapses.